Python Fundamentals and Data Types

3.5 questions on python

What are Datatypes in Python?

data types in python

types of misconceptions handling in python

slicing and index in python

difference for for loops and while loops in python

Print the sum of digits for given number? - pythonbash

define function?

Can we pass function as an argument in Python?

Python function decorator

Python Modules, Libraries, and Packages

python modules

libraries used in asynchronous and synchronous data

python libraries

boto3

Python or bash script to get the number of deployment in k8s and restart at k8s object ?

Usage of python in cloud developer tools

python boto3 how can you run in cross region using lambda write the script

Programming Constructs and Scripts

11 I want the to change the given string to list using python,how can i do that?

python scripts and used cases to you project

What python scripts you have written

What have you written using python

Write a python script to start ec2 instance

Python scripting to delete unused volumes

write a python shell script to list all containers in docker and iterate

python scripting steps

Write a script to open , do some operations in that file and close the file

write a script that a integer which is divisible by 3 and by 5 and not divisible by both get the output using python and bash both

write bash or python script to replace vowels from a string

List, Tuple, Set, and Dictionary Concepts

Differences between list and tuple?

Difference between tuple and dictionary

difference between and operator in python

List comprehension and lambda function.

python program to print the unique elements in the list

python program to print only the duplicates in a list

python program to print the only the even numbers from the given range as the inputs

Python code to merge two lists

python code to find palindrome

python code to find out minimum difference between largest and smallest number

Python code to print common elements in two arrays

Python code to print the unique elements in a list

Advanced Python and Automation Topics

python dynamic type or not?

python benefits?

python automation and configuration in project

scripts automation you have used and what are the issues on bash and python

Duck typing in python

Python development

Python related Questions

python technical experience

what type of python coding you done in your project and roles and responsibilities

experience in python

File Handling and Practical Code

write a python script to open a file? explain with

open a log file and print the content

i want only gmails from a file write a python script for that

write in code editor wirte python string that how much letters are repeated in hello world

Cloud and Infrastructure Scripting

Write python script for AWS ec2 label test instance that has to stop

Write a python AWS Lambda function that triggers an s3 object upload event, the function should log the name of your profile

How python interacts with AWS

Python script program using json dictionary with any multiple object, iteration and print the values

Miscellaneous

python program for palindrome

what is web scrapping?

do you know pandas briefly explain?

In that CSV file how to read only for upper case character?

what is syntax error?

Print a 3x3 matrix from 1 to 9?

